 -= History =-
Below is all the of the version information. As far as I can tell there once was a guy named John Blade. He took some of the orignal wp-mail.php code and started hacking away on it. He actually got pretty far. About the time I discovered WordPress and his little hack - called WP-Mail at the time - he went on a vacation or something. There were some problems with the script, and it was missing some features I wanted. I hacked away at it and got it into a place where it did what I wanted. I started posting about it since I figured other people might want the features. 

John didn't release any more versions at least up til July 2005. So I started accepting submissions and feature requests from people to help make the code better. In June/July 2005 I discovered a little plugin by Chris J Davis (http://www.chrisjdavis.org/cjd-notepad/) called notepad. I added a small feature to it (basically a bookmarklet).  In the process I started looking at his code and realized how much you could do with the plugin system available in Word Press.

So I decided to make an offical fork. I put up an article on my blog asking for new names. I picked Postie.  I then modified the code to be a proper plugin.  And the rest is history :)

 Version 1.1.1
  BUGFIX -problem with subject
  BUGFIX -cronless postie typo

 Version 1.1
 FEATURE: Updated and tested with WordPress 2.1
 BUGFIX:Removed deprecated functions
 FEATURE: Cronless Postie now uses the WordPress native Psuedo Cron.

 Version 1.0
 BUGFIX: TestWPVersion broke with 2.1
 FEATURE: end: now marks the end of a message (Dan Cunningham)
 FEATURE: Better Readme (Michael Rasmussen)
 FEATURE: Smart Sharpen Option -EXPERIMENTAL- (Jonas Rhodin)
 BUGFIX: Issue with google imap fixed (Jim Hodgson)
 BUGFIX: Fixed espacing issue in subjects (Paul Clip)
 BUGFIX: Typo in Div fixed (phil)

 Version 0.9.9.3.2
 BUGFIX: Typo
 Version 0.9.9.3.1
 BUGFIX: Removed debugging code

 Version 0.9.9.3
 BUGFIX: If your email address matches an existing user - then it will post as that user - even if you allow anyone to post.
 BUGFIX: Replaced get_settings('home') with get_settings('siteurl')
 BUGFIX: Better handling for Japanese charactersets - Thanks to http://www.souzouzone.jp/blog/archives/009531.html
 BUGFIX: Better thumbnail window opening code - thanks to Gabi & Duntello!
 FEATURE: Added an option to set the MAX Height of an image - idea from Duntello
 BUGFIX: Modified the FilterNewLines for better flowed text handling - You now HAVE TO PUT TWO NEW LINES to end a paragraph.
 FEATURE: Added new CSS tags to support positioning images/attachments/3gp videos
 BUGFIX: Tries to use the date in the message (Thanks Ravan) I tried this once before and it never worked - hopefully this time it will.
 BUGFIX: Added a workaround to fix the problem with Subscribe2 - it will now notify on posts that are not set to show up in the future.



 Version 0.9.9.2
 BUGFIX: Looks for the NOOP error and disgards it
 FEATURE: Postie now detects the version of WordPress being used 
 FEATURE: Smarter Parsing of VodaPhone 
 FEATURE: Easy place to add new code to handle other brain-dead mail clients
 BUGFIX: Handles insertion of single quotes properly
 BUGFIX: Thumbnails should now link properly

 Version 0.9.9.1
 BUGFIX: Needed a strtolower in places to catch all iso-8859 - thx to Gitte Wange for the catch
 BUGFIX: Fixed issue with the category not being posted properly

 Version 0.9.9
 UPDATE TO WP 2.0
 BUGFIX: Config Page now works
 FEATURES: Supports role based posting
 BUGFIX: Posting updates the category counts.

 Version 0.9.8.6
 BUGFIX: Fixed problems with config page <%php became <?php
 
 Version 0.9.8.5
 BUGFIX: onClick changed to onclick
 BUGFIX: strolower added to test for iso - thanks daniele
 BUGFIX: Added a class to the 3gp video tags
 FEATURE: Added the option to put the images before the article
 BUGFIX: Added in selection for charsets - thanks Psykotik - this may cause problems for other encodings
 FEATURE: Added option to turn of quoted printable decoding
 FEATURE: :start tag - now postie looks for this tag before looking for you message - handy if your service provider prepends a message 
 FEATURE: Template for translation now included
 Version 0.9.8.4
 BUGFIX: Fixed problem with config_form.php - select had "NULL" instead of ""
 BUGFIX: 3g2 now supported
 BUGFIX: More line break issues addressed
 BUGFIX: QuickTime controls are now visible even if the movie is done playing
 BUGFIX: Email addresses in the format <some@domain.com> (Full Name) supported
 BUGFIX: Some images that were not being resized - are now
 BUGFIX: HTML problems - if you posted plain text with HTML on it ignored all images
 BUGFIX: The test system blew up on the thumbnails 
 BUGFIX: Selected HTML for preferred text is now shown in the config form properly
 BUGFIX: Postie now complains if it is not in its own directory
 BUGFIX: Postie doesn't include PEAR if it is already available
 BUGFIX: In Test mode rejected emails are simply dropped
 BUGFIX: Markdown messes up Postie - it will warn you if you turn it on.
 
 Version 0.9.8.3
 BUGFIX: Fixed issue with the line feed replacement
 BUGFIX: Added Banned File Config back in
 FEATURE: Added in a link around 3gp video embedded via QT
 BUGFIX: Email that has both Plain and HTML content will show the HTML content and not the plain if html is preferred

 Version 0.9.8.2
 BUGFIX: Fixed an extra new line after attachin non-image files.
 BUGFIX: The Test system now displays any missing gd functions
 BUGFIX: The test system was only using ImageMagick

 Version 0.9.8.1
 BUGFIX: The test images are now included in the zip 

 Version 0.9.8
 BUGFIX: New Lines detected and handled properly in cases where the mail client doesn't put a space before the new line (Miss Distance)
 BUGFIX: 3gp mime type added (Paco Cotera)
 BUGFIX: Authorized Email Addresses are not case-insensitive
 FEATURE: The larger image now does a proper pop up 
 BUGFIX: Fixed Timeing Issue - turns out it wasn't reading the db at all
 FEATURE: New Test Screen - to help track down problems

 Version 0.9.7
 BUGFIX: removed all short tags
 BUGFIX: There were spacing issues in the way I wrote the QT embed statements 
 FEATURE: Added calls to WP-Cron - should work with that properly now if you activate Cronless Postie
 FEATURE: ImageMagick version works without any calls to GD
 BUGFIX: Postie now correctly handles cases wjere tjere are multiple blogs in one db
 BUGFIX: Turned off warnings when using without GD
 FEATURE: add the rotate:X  to your message to rotate all images
 FEATURE: new filter_postie_thumbnail_with_full which makes it easy to show a thumbnail on the front page but full image on the single page - see FAQ

 Version 0.9.6
 BUGFIX: handles email addresses that are no name and just <email@email.com> (Steve Cooley Reported)
 FEATURE: Basic support for embedding flash files
 BUGFIX: Postie now handles creating the correct URL on non Unix platforms
 BUGFIX: Fixed problem with file attachments not being put in the right place.
 FEATURE: You can now choose to use imagemagick convert to handle making thumbnails
 BUGFIX: Rewrote Cronless Postie to use direct sockets
 BUGFIX: Time offset is now settable just for Postie - hopefully this will fix problems for cases where the normal time offset doesn't work properly.
 FEATURE: First draft of frame for a 3GP video
 FEATURE: Option to embed 3GP in QuickTime Controller.

 Version 0.9.5.2
 BUGFIX: gmt varialble not being set correctly
 BUGFIX: Changed the name of the Check Mail button to fix an issue with mod_security
 BUGFIX: Fixed issue with Cronless-Postie
 BUGFIX: There was an argument passed by reference incorrectly
 FEATURE: Added in Cronless Postie Readme
 FEATURE: Added in Postie Readme

 Version 0.9.5.1
 BUGFIX: Confirmed POP3-SSL on debian-3.0
 BUGFIX: Updated the plugin version
 BUGFIX: Stopped displaying the email account
 
 Version 0.9.5
 BUGFIX: Postie handles cases where you do not have GD
 FEATURE: You can now set the access level for posting - so other people can use the gate way
 BUGFIX: Fixed issue when admininstrator email is not tied to a user account.
 FEATURE: Can now reset all Postie configurations back to defaults
 BUGFIX: HTML Emails with embedded images are now handled properly.
 BUGFIX: The time difference should work correctly now
 BUGFIX: Postie's configs are completely seperate from Writing-By-Mail
 FEATURE: Warning if you use Gmail to make sure you turn on POP support
 BUGFIX: Manual Check Mail Button in interface
 BUGFIX: fixed issue of compatability with cjd-notepad
 BUGFIX: Windows Works Now


 Version 0.9.4
 BUGFIX: Cronless Postie - fixed the include statement
 BUGFIX: Authorized Addresses now supports a single address
 FEATURE: All configuration in Postie done in a single screen
 FEATURE: AUTHORIZATION can be completely overridden
 BUGFIX: line 1159 - didn't handle cases where the table didn't exist already very well
 FEATURE: Detects if you can do IMAP
 FEATURE: Added IMAP Support
 FEATURE: Added IMAP-SSL Support
 FEATURE: Added POP3-SSL Support

 Version 0.9.3
 Bug fixes for IIS
 Version 0.9.2
 Moved to more of a DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR structure 
 Version 0.9.1
 Added a define to fix a problem with over including
 Version 0.9
 Converted to an honest to god plugin
 BUGFIX: If you put a single category:subject it now works
 BUGFIX: ? Special characters may be supported?  The test post now shows a lot of umlats and accents?
 BUGFIX: The last ] in a subject with categories is now filtered out
 FEATURE: -1- subject - will put the post in category 1
 Version 0.312.13
 Code clean up - The main loop is finally readable by even non programmers
 FEATURE - You can now post to multiple categories at one time by using the [#],[Category Name], [Cat] in the subject
 FEATURE - You can now select a category by just including the begining characters [G] will select General 
 if you don't have any other categories that start with g
 FEATURE - Jay Talbot - added a new feature so you can have multiple email addresses be allowed in
 Make multi category posting more obvious
 BUG FIX: Timezones of GMT+? should now work properly
 BUG FIX: Able to handle mis-mime typed images as long as they are named with .jpg/.gif/.png

 Version 0.312.12
 Code clean up - slowing shrinking the main to make it easiery to fix things
 FEATURE: Be able to turn on/off allowing comments in an email
 BUG FIX: AppleDouble now mostly supported 
 BUG FIX: MIME handling improved.
 BUG FIX: Fix issue with timing delay
 Version 0.312.11
 FEATURE: Patterns to define where a sig starts are user configurable
 FEATURE: Add filter options for banned file names
 BUG FIX: Made it possible to turn off posting to the db for testing purposes
 Version 0.312.10
 FEATURE: Added in code to diplay the mime type of the file being linked to
 BUG FIX: It now tests for the existance of the directories and makes sure
           that the web server can write to them
 Version 0.312.9
 FEATURE:Should handle jpg as well as jpeg as the file type
 BUG FIX: Now correctly handles the subject in the message
 BUG FIX: Should handle Text preferences correctly 
 Version 0.312.8
 Some general code tidying. 
 FEATURE: Can now have email from invalid email addresses automatically forwared
          to the admin's email account. This forward includes all attachments. 
          Props to David Luden for getting this started.
 Minor change: The system will continue if it runs into a message that doesn't have 
               any content - it will also continue to process if it gets an email from 
               someone not in the system. In the past this could result in deleted mail
               if your cron job didn't run often enough.
 Version 0.312.7
 Confirm the handling of 3gp video for cell phones o
 Added in new directive SUPPORTED_FILE_TYPES -if the mime type is listed here then the system will try to make a link to it without making a thumb nail.
 Version 0.312.6
 Bug Fix: Ok the last bug I fixed - actually caused another bug - man I should set up some unit tests. Now it handles mail from the nokia mail client correctly.
 Version 0.312.5
 Bug Fix : The system was accepting all test/* types. Now you can set a preference (defaults to text/plain)
   to use as the main text for the post.
 Version 0.312.4 
 Added in sanitize_title call suggested by Jemima
 Added in ability to provide a subject in an mms - by using #Subject#
 Fixed an issue with the time stamp system so it now automatically uses the gmt_offset from WordPress
 Fixed issue with the delay:1d1h tag that prevented it from being removed from the body.
 Fixed issue with the delay tag that caused problems if it was the last thing before an image.

 Version 0.312.3-HEY  (2005-05)
 -> Some changes and Bugfixes by Adrian Heydecker
 -> Not (yet) in main development branch.
 Fixed bug: JPEG-thumbnails had a bigger filesize than full images caused by bad hardcoded compression value.
 Fixed bug: If images and signatures were present but no placeholder tags, the images were deleted together with the signature.
 Fixed bug: Generates valid postnames for users of mod_rewrite. Permalinks to posts should now work even when whitespaces are present in the subject line.
 Added support for Quoted Printable encoded mail.
 Added ability to encode Wordpress-posts in charset ISO-8859-1 instead of UTF-8.
 Added ability to choose JPEG-compression value for thumbnails.
 Added ability to add class="" and style="" to images.
 Added ability to use a different mailadress (eg. mobile) without setting up a new Wordpress-account.

 Version 0.312.2
 BUGFIX: It now removes the delay tag from the message
 Version 0.312.1
 Added modification for placeholder support for images (David Luden)
 Added in support to automatically scale down big images (Dirk Elmendorf)
 Fixed bug with multiple emails all getting the contents of the first image tag (Dirk Elmendorf)
 Added option to allow HTML in the body and subject of the email (Dirk Elmendorf)
 Switch config options to defines to reduce the number of global variables (Dirk Elmendorf)
 Added tests to make sure there is a trailing slash on the DIR definitions (Dirk Elmendorf)
 Add tests to see if they have gd installed (Dirk Elmendorf)
 Seperate the scaling out to a function for easier usage (Dirk Elmendorf)
 Add delay feature for future posting. (Dirk Elmendorf)
 Added in ability to use strtotime if it is available (Dirk ELmendorf)

 Todo
   Have option to have the email that is rejected forwarded on to another address.
 Fix bug that id still diplays the delay tag in the body 
 Version 0.312 - 2005-03
 - CHANGE FOR DEFAULT E-mail Categories, instead of [General] Subject you can now use General: Subject in the subject line.  Less typing, and there must be a space after the colon. 
 - Fixed bugs with no default posting for categories and user 
 Version 0.311 - 2005-01
 - eep, major bug for pop3 server. Next time I test my code more before I released, fixed so that pop3 now works.`
 Version 0.31 - 2004-12 & 2005-01
 (Has it been this long, best get back into the swing of things... did most of this coding on my holiday as I didn't have a machine to play WoW on :)
 - moved the deletion of pop3 emails into a check so that e-mails aren't deleted without proper checking.
 - added HTML 'decoding' (basic support for Thunderbird & Outlook) 
 - updated the Category search so that it matches words as well as numbers (i.e. [General] Subjectname will work instead of just [1] Subjectname)
 - Changed time function from time to strtotime (as per Senior Pez's suggestion), but found out that strtotime isn't in default php distro so removed...

 Vesion 0.3 - 2004-09
 - Added UBB decoding support
 - Added default title (when there is no subject assigned)
 - Started doing a little code cleanup, been reading Advanced PHP Book :)
 
 Version 0.2 - 2004-08
 - Stopped using pear body decoding in favour of own decoding (may be slower but more modifiable) because of enriched text decoding
 - Added base64_decode checking (may help mobile phone users)
 - Fixed Subject line for non-english users (htmlentities instead of just trim)
 - Fixed error in some pop hanging -> more graceful exit on event on no emails in inbox ($pop3->quit)
 - Added work around for email addresses with exta <> in field (ie: <blade@lansmash.com> instead of blade@lasmash.com
 - Added some ===basic=== enriched text support
 - Updated readme file for easier install
 - Easy modify of globals (such as PHOTOSDIR and FILESDIR)
 - Cleaned up some pear stuff in install
 
 Version 0.1 - 2004-06
 First release
